Welcome back everyone.
It's now time to test your new skills with a quick assessment and this lecture we're going to go an
overview of the assessment notebook on image processing and in the next lecture we'll go over the solutions
notebook.
It's up to you how you want to treat this project.
If you just want to go along with this lecture and then attempt every task on your own or you can skip
forward to the next lecture and treat it as a code along and code along with us for the solutions.
Let's head to the notebook and see what your tasks are for this assessment.
All right if you open your image processing assessment notebook it should look something like this.
Don't worry we're not going over the solutions yet.
There is some code here that's just some useful code that should already be there for you.
It's just the imports we usually use and also the display image function that displays images a little
larger and you can feel free to play around to fix sightseer in case you want to display images a little
smaller or a little larger in the notebook.
Your first task is to open and display the giraffe's thought JPK image that is located in the data folder
and make sure you use color spacing to actually display the colors correctly.
So once you do that you should see a photo of some giraffes that look something like this.
Just a pair of giraffes.
Then the next task here is to apply a binary threshold onto the image so it should look something like
this.
It's up to you what you can choose for the threshold but I would recommend choosing the middle point
value for your threshold just like we did in the lecture.
Again is just the normal binary threshold.
Everything should either be a zero or 255 at the end.
So either black or white.
Let's scroll down to the next task.
So for that task we want you to do is open up giraffes that jpg file again from the data folder.
However this time convert color space to H S V and then display the image.
Again it won't make a lot of sense the way the image looks after you convert it to hue saturation value.
So you should get some sort of funky giraffes and the like purplish space.
OK so once you've done that we have another task for you.
So this task is to create a low pass filter with a four by four kernel filled with values of 1 over
10 or 0.01.
And then use to become volution to blur the giraffe image that we got above and we actually want this
in normal RGV.
So essentially just use a low pass filter for by for kernel convolution with values of 1 over 10.
In order to blur the giraffe image.
So your kernel should look something like this.
Or do you have the right here.
This for my for Zero Point ones.
And when you blur what should eventually happen as you get something that looks like this it almost
looks like you applied a gamma to it because it's really bright.
But notice that giraffes are a little blurrier.
The entire cloud and white space is now blurred to just pure white and everything is a little brighter
and a little blurrier.
Once you've done that you have another task and that's to create a horizontal Sobell filter box so that's
just going to be Sobell X and you're going to apply that filter along for kernel size of 5 to 8 greyscale
version of the giraffe's image and then display the resulting gradient filtered version of the image.
Very similar to what we did in that lecture on gradients.
So if we scroll down here.
Eventually you should get a result that looks something like this.
Showing the edges of the giraffe and maybe a little bit of the backgrounds.
Maybe those two zebras there but notice the sky now is basically completely edulis.
OK so that's it for your tasks.
Sorry you got one more left.
Your last task Scuse me is to pluck the color histograms for red blue and green channels for the giraffe
image and pay very close attention to the ordering of the channels.
Here is the correct histogram.
Keep in mind if you were to read in the image fresh the red and blue channels maybe switched.
If you read it in with open C.v.
So just keep that in mind what the actual order for red blue and green is.
OK so best of luck and we'll see you at the next lecture where we actually go over the solutions.